but I know that you were watching to see
what he had to say about the markets
what did you think about his assertion
about what the feds been doing right now
what the potential consequences are you
know Becky he put perfectly this debate
and it's not an either/or but is a
question of balance and it's a question
for the marketplace would you rather
have the blanket support of the Fed as
we did this time around or would you
rather have Warren Buffett's rescue
financing as we did in 2008 people will
argue either side of this he pointed out
that on the one hand you get the Fed
normalizing markets quickly but on the
other hand you get people who shouldn't
be borrowing raising money and that's
the issue for capitalism you know what's
better my own sense is the Fed went too
far in going to the high-yield market
but I understand why they did it and
time will tell what the consequence is
all you know Muhammad this time is a
little different than 2008 back then it
was some bad actions
and bad behaviors that led to the
financial crisis it was activity at the
banks and other places consumers kind of
jumping in on all these things warrants
at this times different as we all know
it this was nobody's fault the none of
these companies did anything wrong they
just got slapped first by the pandemic
and then by the shutdown of the economy
saying we're not going to let people go
out so in a situation like that should
the government be more responsive like
this because again we're not talking
about moral risk we're not talking about
moral hazard or anything that anybody
did wrong it's a pandemic and it's a
government response to that pandemic to
just shut the economy down so first it
should be which part of government
should it be the fed with it also didn't
be the Treasury second what rules should
govern this should there be certain
terms in terms of behaviors of what you
expect these companies to do and and
finally and I think Warren Buffett put
it really clearly you know you you and
and Andrew and Joe have pointed out he
was more cautious it was a very sobering
tone because he kept on saying we don't
know what
ahead he kept on talking about whole
scenarios of possibilities not a
baseline which is rated from from 2008 9
he talked about tail risk on and on
again he talked about balance sheet
strength this notion of we don't know
what's ahead and he warned us not all
the problems emerge on the first day so
you know there's also an issue of how
how quickly should you step in with this
blanket support from the Fed look if you
were talking about the Treasury and
there were principle governing bailouts
I would be with you but but the Fed
opened up the high-yield market for
every for almost everybody and that
raises the specter of zombie companies
and we've got to be careful about this
because that eats away at what makes
America special and that's the reason
why we don't ever bet against America
because of its dynamism mahmud Buffett
also said that there are scenarios
worst-case scenarios that he can imagine
that he didn't want to talk about
because he didn't want to make it more
likely to happen worst-case scenarios
and that's what he wants to make sure
that that Berkshire Hathaway is prepared
for and and and has this fortress
defense about when you start thinking
about some of those things not that
they're likely but what would be a
potential worst-case scenario in terms
of how the economy reacts so he gave us
examples I think Airlines on example
where he said you know what behavior has
changed this is a completely different
sector coming out of the crisis it will
not be at full capacity he talked about
all those planes he also spoke about
some some of his companies having a
permanent loss in sales he gave the
example of Easter forces candy and he
spoke about other companies that were
weak and are not coming back and that's
within his empire so this notion is
coming out and I think it's a right
notion that when we reset which we will
we will we set differently the
economists called it the 90 percent
global economy there's going to be 10
percent of the global economy in their
view that's going to be missing and what
investors have to figure out is which 10
percent is not coming back
hmm what's the best-case scenario I mean
if if you start to see States open up
again if you start to see countries kind
of open up again if the virus dies down
in the summer and maybe doesn't come
back in the fall then what if we are
dealing with the best-case scenario or
if there's some miracle vaccination or
miracle treatment that comes up between
now and the next fall what what then do
you think how does it play out so the
very best scenario is a vaccine or
community immunity now that would allow
us to bounce back and forget this
nightmare relatively quickly not
completely but forget most of it the the
more realistic best scenario is that we
learn from the lifting of the lockdowns
three things one is we can live with the
virus
meaning the r-nought or the weight of
spread of the infection is very low and
we can cope with those who fall ill - we
learn that consumer behavior hasn't been
damaged in a fundamental way people will
go back and we engage and three we learn
that companies are willing to go back
and are not resizing what you keep on
hearing over and over again with my hope
is as we go through this lockdown and we
lift it we see all three things it is a
whitetail it's just not the baseline it
is a whitetail but we should monitor it
very quickly and hope that it
materializes
you